documentation: add CONTRIBUTING.md file #60 (#131)
stellio-hub/stellio-context-broker: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> Stellio is an open source project part of FIWARE. We welcome any contributions from everyone.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stellio is an open source project, currently in the incubator to be become a FIWARE Generic Enabler. We welcome any contributions from everyone.  
```

> If you wish to contribute on our code, you should first read and follow guidelines mentionned in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to contribute on our code, you should first read and follow guidelines mentioned in this document.
```

## Ask a question 

> Please if you want to ask a question regarding Stellio and how to use it. Create an issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please if you want to ask a question regarding Stellio and how to use it, create an issue
```

>  in [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) with the tag fiware-stellio.

Reviewer 2: I remember seeing this Tag when preparing the Fiwrare requirements, do we need to prepare something for it ?

Author: I don't know, I saw that in the requirements too. I guess we have to subscribe to this tag to see questions related to Stellio.

Reviewer: If you find a way to subscribe to a tag on SO, I'd like to know how :)

Author: With RSS you can subscribe to 
```https://stackoverflow.com/feeds/tag/fiware-stellio```
But first we need to create a question to generate the tag.

Author: I found also in Stackoverflow that it should be working with "Watched Tags", but I ask to see it working. (just subscribed so I don't know if it's going to work) from https://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/254318/how-to-subscribe-to-tags
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11096082/88644491-531f9400-d0c3-11ea-9044-e4f6f343551c.png)

## Reporting Issues

You may find an issue when using Stellio, if so, please check that an issue is not already reported. If there are not, 
please create it with as much information as possible :

- Version of the project linked to the issue.
- Explain expected and actual behaviour.
- Steps to reproduce the issue.

There are many labels available, please feel free to put a label on your issue.

## Requesting new features

> Stellio is implementing the NGSI-LD API specification.  You may find unsupported features.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stellio implements the NGSI-LD API specification.  You may find unsupported features.  
```

When requesting a new feature, please provide the section and subsections related to the feature in the NGSI-LD 
specification. Please provide if possible the version of the specification.

Good example : 
https://github.com/stellio-hub/stellio-context-broker/issues/12

## Making Changes

Contributions to Stellio are done using a pull request. Find below a description on how to do a good pull request :

- Fork this repository
- Create a branch on the forked repository.  
A good branch name should follow this schema : `<label>/<issue_number>-<name>`

>     - `<label>` is the label of your issue : feature, bug, refactor, documentation...

Reviewer 2: fix or bug ?

Author: fix, indeed

When a user is starting a comment thread, he should resolve it once he thinks the discussion has ended.

Once there is agreement that the code is ready to be included in the main project, one of Stellio's
maintainers will merge your contribution.

Increase the chances that your pull request will be accepted and gain time :

- Follow our [coding style](https://github.com/stellio-hub/stellio-context-broker/blob/develop/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#coding-style).
- Write tests for your changes.
- Write a good commit title, add description if there are many changes.

If your pull request is too big, you might want to split it into smaller pull requests.

Small pull requests lead to fast reviews and a better understanding of the changes.

A good guide on why you should split a pull request and how : https://www.thedroidsonroids.com/blog/splitting-pull-request

## Project Structure

Stellio is divided into five main modules: api-gateway, entity-service, search-service, subscription-service and shared.
Each module follows the same schema :
- **src**:
    - **main**: contains the source code.
        - **kotlin**: contains the source kotlin code.
        - **resources** : contains the resources.

>     - **test**: contains the test code, a unit test class of a source code class should have the same package.

Reviewer 2: Maybe you can mention that the test folder contains also two sub-folders Kotlin and resources.
And the resources contains the test data.

Author: Yep Indeed, the api-gateway module is not containing any resources folder but this is not a matter I think I can add the sub-folders here..
